README.md, before:

# Python API Challenge - WeatherPy

A minimum of 500 unique (non-repeat) cities were sampled based on latitude and longitude to assess weather conditions. Analysis is available to [view](WeatherPy.ipynb).To determine if weather conditions differ at the equator, the following plots were generated:

**Latitude vs. Max Temperature** <br/>
Cities located between the latitudes of -20 to 12 report the most elevated temperatures with 75 degrees Fahrenheit and above.

![lat_vs_max_temp.png](Images/lat_vs_max_temp.png)

**Latitude vs. Humidity (%)** <br/>
Cities located between the latitudes of 45 to 60 report the most events with 80% humidity and above.

![lat_vs_humidity.png](Images/lat_vs_humidity.png)

**Latitude vs. Cloudiness (%)** <br/>
There is no correlation with latitude and cloudiness.

![lat_vs_cloudiness.png](Images/lat_vs_cloudiness.png)

**Latitude vs. Wind Speed (mph)** <br/>
There is no correlation with latitude and wind speeds. As latitude decreases, cities observe less wind events.

![lat_vs_wind_speed.png](Images/lat_vs_wind_speed.png)

Commit message:

Upload plotly images to README

README.md, after:

# Python API Challenge - WeatherPy

A minimum of 500 unique (non-repeat) cities were sampled based on latitude and longitude to assess weather conditions. Analysis with plotly is avalable to [view](WeatherPy_with_plotly.ipynb). Version with matplotlib is available to [view](WeatherPy.ipynb). To determine if weather conditions differ at the equator, the following plots were generated:

**Latitude vs. Max Temperature** <br/>
Cities located between the latitudes of -20 to 12 report the most elevated temperatures with 75 degrees Fahrenheit and above.

![maxtemp.png](Images/maxtemp.png)

**Latitude vs. Humidity (%)** <br/>
Cities located between the latitudes of 45 to 60 report the most events with 80% humidity and above.

![humidity.png](Images/humidity.png)

**Latitude vs. Cloudiness (%)** <br/>
There is no correlation with latitude and cloudiness.

![cloudiness.png](Images/cloudiness.png)

**Latitude vs. Wind Speed (mph)** <br/>
There is no correlation with latitude and wind speeds. As latitude decreases, cities observe less wind events.

![windspeed.png](Images/windspeed.png)
